Adherence to Agent Friendly Docs Specification (#3576)
apache/tinkerpop: docs/src/dev/provider/gremlin-semantics.asciidoc

link:https://github.com/apache/tinkerpop/tree/x.y.z/gremlin-test/src/main/resources/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/test/features/semantics/Equality.feature[Equality Tests],
link:https://github.com/apache/tinkerpop/tree/x.y.z/gremlin-test/src/main/resources/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/test/features/semantics/Comparability.feature[Comparability Tests]

> [llms-summary="Per-step semantic definitions: the precise input/output behavior each Gremlin step must exhibit, used to verify provider implementations for correctness.""]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[llms-summary="Per-step semantic definitions: the precise input/output behavior each Gremlin step must exhibit, used to verify provider implementations for correctness."]
```

link:https://github.com/apache/tinkerpop/tree/x.y.z/gremlin-core/src/main/java/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/process/traversal/step/map/ReplaceLocalStep.java[source (local)],
link:https://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/x.y.z/reference/#replace-step[reference]

> [llms-summary="The formal semantics of the reverse() step: returns the reverse of the incoming traverser"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[llms-summary="The formal semantics of the reverse() step: returns the reverse of the incoming traverser."]
```

link:https://github.com/apache/tinkerpop/tree/x.y.z/gremlin-core/src/main/java/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/process/traversal/step/map/SubstringLocalStep.java[source (local)],
link:https://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/x.y.z/reference/#substring-step[reference]

> [llms-summary="The formal semantics of the toLower() step: returns the lowercase representation of incoming string traverser, or if Scope.local is specified, returns the lowercase representation of each string elemen"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[llms-summary="The formal semantics of the toLower() step: returns the lowercase representation of incoming string traverser, or if Scope.local is specified, returns the lowercase representation of each string element inside the incoming list traverser."]
```

link:https://github.com/apache/tinkerpop/tree/x.y.z/gremlin-core/src/main/java/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/process/traversal/step/map/ToLowerLocalStep.java[source (local)],
link:https://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/x.y.z/reference/#toLower-step[reference]

> [llms-summary="The formal semantics of the toUpper() step: returns the uppercase representation of incoming string traverser, or if Scope.local is specified, returns the uppercase representation of each string elemen"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[llms-summary="The formal semantics of the toUpper() step: returns the uppercase representation of incoming string traverser, or if Scope.local is specified, returns the uppercase representation of each string element inside the incoming list traverser."]
```
